Welcome to Alexander von Eich helps
to kick off his mission family
man in a decent life
attributable
has something very special about you
thought up a visit to the
hello hello my name is
alexander von eich
they are a climbing one yes they are climbing
Today we want the family aird man
that for them imagine that climbing
The export is also a symbolic one
action
that's the gutter so if that's the gutter
is not we have the possibility
at least leave the gutter in the
we meet here
this is frisbee throwing in the park holiday
can not
away from alcohol would be this level and that
At the top is a job at lidl
the cashier is not higher
There is a concrete ceiling up there
our task is our hope
our chance until the job at lidl
to get to the cashier
so we are out of the gutter and
That's what we want to do today
hello so i am the box we are
get a box
First of all, I want ours
imagine climbing hall that's it
Citizens borg before family
try erdmann on the climbing wall
Your coach Karsten will only be allowed to do so
Do some safety exercises with them
complete
this is the usual territory in the
she can not do that she can
not hard to go to court if
she looks like something like that
udo just did it sometimes
smile and smile smile it
is a terrible picture after
short-term mode remains a few
in spite of it, I am well on udo witte and now
it's finally family erdmann
May your mentor and helper alexander
from eich show what's in them
climb together promotional and udo as well
marina and enrico can i help you
can see where the error and
the sense of community promotes that
we know from emergency situations is
bankrupt we are no money have no
perspective
then we are the family too
instructed and that is also with you
lately problematic de
crumbling there are difficulties in here
the marital construction
it has long been no lead
action takes place between barbel
and udo so that i believe that
common money to the cohesion
promoting it is not easy
This is possibly the bear
tenderness with udo through her again
reached
get out of the moloch maybe try
not with the pedestrian and for
rise up that's child benefit great
now the right foot that is dead in the
park quietly not doing this brawn
exclaim we break away from the
gutter down again
only down there in the gutter you
sniffed for a while as it did at
lidl smells again at the box office
down into the native areas
the precariat then says she has a wife
even a few tips she has it out firmly
he relies within the
udo is under layer already so far
Ascended in his life
is only possible at all
further up it is not for udo
there is a large concrete ceiling remains up
stay up again
and now you are calling that to the state three times
no longer on the bag
want three times
I do not want the state anymore
bag lie
I will no longer be the state again
Do not live the state that I want to
State is no longer in the bag
I do not want the state longer on the
bag I will no longer carsten on
the bag lie
I want cash not long on
agreed to tax and
finances this family with carsten and
back to the beer back into the gutter and
back to where all the ass
blown kawakawa i hear nothing
udo udo i hear nothing
what we are after such a clip
really do not want to be like that
comments that is really here
Stammtisch 20
if you're okay or not and stay
and the right conclusions but that
internet myrhol with the eu receives if
you might have liked that then
Again conversions like exactly
write down
You can also click on her immediately
without commentary next clip out
thought that so now in the same
player inserted or you can do something here
look very different and someone has me
and there is the door if if someone
air needs